Fact Model
              Room
                        name – room name
              Fire
                     room – fire happen in room
              Alarm 
              Sprinkler
                             room - Sprinkler that will be put on if the room is on fire
                             on – status (true/false)

              Rule 1 ( All ok)
                             when
                                           1. If there is NO Alarm() object in the session
                                           2. If there is NO Sprinkler() object in the session 
                             then
                                           1. Print out the relevant message (Everything is ok) (System out/Log4j)

              Rule 2 (Raise fire alarm when there is at least 1 fire)
                             when
                                           1. If there exists at least 1 Fire() object in the session 
                             then
                                           1. Insert a new Alarm() object in the session
                                           2. Print out the relevant message (Raised the alarm because at least 1 Fire()  object exists in the session)

              Rule 3 (When there is, turn on Sprinkler)
                             when
                                           1. If there is A Fire() object in the session, then use that and set the object room(fire in room)
                                           2. If there is A Sprinkler() object with "on" flag set to false and attribute room is same object as the one in the variable room 
                             then
                                           1. Update the Sprinkler object which is referenced through $sprinkler and call its setOn() method with parameter "true"
                                           2. Print out the relevant message (Turn ON the sprinkler for room,+ roomName)
              Rule 4 (When the fire extinguished, turn off Sprinkler)
                             when
                                           1. If there is A Sprinkler() object with "on" flag set to true and attribute room is same object as the one in the variable $room 
                                           3. There is NO Fire() object for that room
                             then
                                           1. Update the Sprinkler object which is referenced through $sprinkler and call its setOn() method with parameter "false"
                                           2. Print out the relevant message (TRUN off the sprinkler for room + roomName)

              Rule 5(Cancel Alarm)
                             when
                                           1. If there is NO Fire() object in the session
                                           2. and there is an Alarm() object in the session
                             then
                                           1. Remove the referenced Alarm() object from the session
                                           2. Print out the relevant message (Cancel the alarm)
